updated doc for publish test results v2 - merge test results option (#352)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-devops-yaml-schema: task-reference/publish-test-results-v2.md

**`mergeTestResults`** - **Merge test results**<br>
`boolean`. Default value: `false`.<br>
<!-- :::editable-content name="helpMarkDown"::: -->

> When this boolean's value is `true`, the task reports test results from all the files against a single [test run](/azure/devops/pipelines/test/test-glossary). If the value is `false`, the task creates a separate test run for each test result file. To optimize for better performance, results will be merged into a single run if there are more than 100 result files, irrespective of this option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this boolean's value is `true`, the task reports test results from all the files against a single [test run](/azure/devops/pipelines/test/test-glossary). If the value is `false`, the task creates a separate test run for each test result file. To optimize for better performance, results will always be merged into a single run if there are more than 100 result files even if this option is set to `false`.
```

Reviewer: Updating wording because I'm not sure how well `irrespective` will translate.
